12/1/21 - Hey, it's me. I'm having the best time!
3/10/20 - rooms to add? instead of having the switchable spaces like forest, desert, etc, maybe have these all separate. so you get more a sense this is a huge never-ending club you can explore and get lost in. so uh, maybe one side says CHILL-OUT, and through there are a bunch of spaces you just wander through. so like \
3/4/20 a room that is just spinning lasers and glowing neon shapes?? or, is that the connecting bits? i dunno. to begin with, make it the connectors. so instead of just boring corridors, it's a corridor with rotating glowing neon tunnels you walk through.\
2.2.2 well, some of this is pretty clunky and placeholder, but it works wwell enough to know that i can actually do all these features. w00t w00t.}
1/1/1 adding in a new thing just to test it
10/10/20 so: from this day forth, i hereby declare no more "things" should be added. i mean, i need to focus on getting everything there working properly.
20/9/20: make a rough, proof of concept version of these features so I know for sure I can achieve it.....
15/12/20 - this is me writing a note just to see what happens.
11/1/21 - one from in the art gallery... hope everyone is well. i'm pretty good. got some cold beer in the fridge!
12/1/21 - Hey, it's me! I'm writing a message!
flibble flob flob!
Is this for real? How do I find my own message?
OK I think this message thing is a joke
I guess the computer message is some kind of meta joke thing?
oddment
BALLS
MYASS
www.ass.com
Yo yo hey come check out my phat beetz
just making sure the achievement prompt triggers
in the bar, editor, testing new sound timing
adjusted timing of sound
this game isn't even out yet, right? who is writing these messages?
I can't really think of anything funny to say
SCREAMING INTO THE VOID
Is this a ripoff of beginner's guide? where the messages are all fake ones?
kilroy was here
"Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy?Caught in a nightclub, with escape from reality!"Jason @ Thumb Culture
I think my eyes are leaking through my bellybutton...
I wonder how deep is the rabbit hole...
Type your own message here. When you are finished, pull the lever to the left to send your message!
This is Edwin testing to see if the spreadsheet linking works. Oh boy, spreadsheets!
www.youtube.com/watch?v=46rTXK1G0tk
it's art, Gary
Bark! I'm a dog!
I am alone and need company in my nightclub
hello i am confused this is a test
HELLO, THIS GAME NEEDS A LOT OF WORK...
The game needs a purpose, I don't believe it has one yet....potential is there. Not enough to do.
i partyd during corona
got lost ... would do it again.
Is this a matrix in the matrix?
Life is an endless circle.
Hi, my name is Troy McJohnson
hello there...general kannoli! *swoom*
wtf is this game bro?
